Setting: 20 years before the events of vanilla campaign, and Vesper is in her final weeks of her role as warchief of the outlaws.

Prologue: Mission 1 (keymoment, and mission is done):
Vesper intercepts Emerics ship who is transporting the Crown back to the Cherrykingdom via ship

Hidden Fjord: Mission 2 (not key for the story, but mission is done):
After taking the crown, Vesper heads for Felheim inorder to lose the tailing Cherry Fleet. At Felheims northern border, there is a backdoor to the outlaws HQ.

Election day: Mission 3 (keymoment, and mission is done):
Election for the position of warchief is coming up in the Outlaw clan. As per Vesper and Wulfar's deal, Vesper won't compete with Wulfar, so that they can alternate roles as warchiefs. An outlaw challenges Wulfar to a pirate bout inorder to win the hearts of the people. After Wulfar beats him in the pirate bout, he becomes the clear winner of the election.

Insert Name: Mission 4 (keymoment, not done):
The Outlaw HQ is discovered by the cherry kingdom (and maybe Felheim), and is under siege, as Vesper had led the cherry kingdom right to them to get them of her back. Wulfar defends the hideout until they are able to escape with transportsl.

Insert Name: Mission 5 (Keymoment, not done):
Wulfar and the clan is chasing down Vesper with the Cherry Fleet lead by Emeric and Mercival tailing right behind. Vesper is bringing the crown to a secret cove were she is going to trade the crown to a rich collector from the Heavensong Empire. However, the collector still hasn't arrived. Once both Wulfar and Vesper reach the contact point, Wulfar realizes exactly why they have been chased for so long, and uses his hammer to throw the crown back to mercival to end the madness. 


Notes:
There are obvious conflicts with mission 2 and the rest of the story, as there is no reason for Vesper to need to shift the heat to Wulfar if she already lost the Cherrryfleet by going through Felheim. The reason why I would go through Felheim is that I don't think it would fit Vesper being the clever type to just bruteforce her way through the cherry kingdom after isolating Emeric and stealing the crown. It also allows one mission to be a mission where you don't fight the Cherrykingdom, as otherwise all missions would be against them. So right now I am thinking of rewriting mission 2 to just be about circumventing the Cherryfleet, and have the mission end with the Cherryfleet entering the fjord to chase them.